Who can be with the bear with me, because now we're going to actually finish writing our callback function.
And before we do, we got to know what it is we want to do again and remember how the for each is a
loop, meaning we need to know how much we need to loop.
Otherwise it's just going to go indefinitely.
In our example, we've defined an array with three items milk, honey and sugar.
So the first thing is, how do we access this?
And the most obvious answer is to use this keyword.
But what will this refer to?
The easiest way?
Again, it's just to console.log it out.
I'll show you a few ways to test what this is.
But this is the most intuitive way.
And let's see what it is.
So let's clear the console and it's running.
We've console.log this to the screen, and this is the era we can see that milk, honey and sugar,
and it contains three items.
So that's cool.
We know that another way to check what this is.
And this define it in a variable that say, let, let's just call it length lane.
Full length equals this length.
And what we can do especially and this is what's fun when working in the Sauces tab with our own farm,
we can put a breakpoint here.
And what you can do, then, is you can run this function.
So let's run it.
Sorry, let's refresh first.
Clear the console, and now let's put a breakpoint here, and let's run it.
What it's going to do is it's going to stop our code at this point.
And what's interesting here and we want to look at is the scope section within DevTools.
And you can see that Lynn is currently undefined, right, because we've paused it affords executed
this line.
But as soon as we step over and we execute this line.
There you go.
Lynn is equal to three, so we can see here that this is pointing to the array.
And even if a hover over it, this is called DevTools is.
It shows you what this is referring to.
So that's why we can access the in-built length method on this array.
Awesome, right?
Okay.
So we've established that we've got the length property.
Let's remove that breakpoint.
And let's just continue to execute our code.
And we all done and dusted the final leg is to loop through.
Our.
All right.
And of course, we can just use the traditional fully variable.
I started zero.
And we're going to fly this loop as long as I is less than length.
And each time it iterates through this function, we're going to increase either one.
We know this.
This is the standard for loop that we all know and love.
And now what we're wanting to do is define our callback function goes, Yeah, and remember what arguments
are callback function took I right to take three arguments.
So we're going to call out callback function and we are going to give it three arguments.
Three arguments are the item, which is the array, and we can access the actual item so we have to
pass in the index number.
The second argument is the index itself.
And the third argument, remember, ha, see, we don't really need it, but we can in this instance,
just for completeness sake.
We have to end this.
We have to actually pass in there itself.
How cool is this?
We pretty much done that.
So what happens is we can use this for each method.
We remember that the function takes three arguments the item, the index, and we just called it argument
this and now we can do things with them as we please.
In our instance, let's just console.log item index and all this just so you can see that it is working
as expected.
Let's run this function.
The ego, you've just created our own folly fool, and it's working as expected.
How awesome is this?
But there's one more thing we have to do, isn't it?
Remember when we looked at this, we was that it was one of these tapes.
Wasn't it native support for each?
Remember this?
We had to this keyword in this code.
This is the standard involved for each method.
You've.
And that this referred to the window object that we could pass in a second argument in that example
we looked at, we passed in the array one and we used that so that this cubic.
How would we do that here?
I want you to think about it, and then I'll show you in the next lecture how to do that.